1. Functions beginner
You are given an array of numbers, ie. [1,2,3,4,5,6]

Write a function, arraySum, that takes in this array, 
and returns the sum of all of the numbers in the array


2. Functions advanced
You work for the new gym at UCLA Bruin Gym (bgym for short). 
You are in charge of walking around the gym periodically and
checking to see if students are wearing their masks properly in 
the gym. At any time, if you observe that less than 80% of people
are not wearing their masks, you are required to do announcement
on the PA system.

For this exercise, write two functions:

1. An announce() function, which just prints to the console, a reminder
   that people should be wearing their masks indoors!
2. A checkMasks() function, which takes in an array of booleans that indicates
   how many people in the gym are currently wearing a mask, as well
   as the announce function in (1.). If less than 80% of the array has 
   the value "false", then you must call the announce() function. Otherwise,
   do nothing. 

3. Objects beginner.
In a multiplayer video game, each player has an object like so:

player1: {
    username: "TenZ",
    health: "100",
    armor: "50"
}

player2: {
    username: "euglo", // what a scrub
    health: "2",
    armor: "0"
}

You are given an array of these objects, as well as a username.
Write a function getHp, that takes in two arguments: 
an array of player objects, and a target username. The function will return the
health of the player with that username, and will return -1 if that username 
does not exist.

4. Objects advanced
You are working at a Ralph's in Westwood. At 1am, some sus UCLA students 
pull up wanting to buy some alchohol. You are not sure if they are legal
or not. You ask the students for their ID to check their age, but it turns
out that these students are CS nerdz - they have their ID in digital format.
Worst of all, this ID is stored as a JavaScript Object (yuck~). 

But oh well, you gotta get your job done. So you will need to write a 
JavaScript function, isLegal, that takes in an ID, and returns true if 
that student is over 21, or false if that student is below 21.

Examples of student IDs:

let id1 = {
    name: "Eugene Lo",
    DOB: new Date(1990, 11, 17)
}

let id1 = {
    name: "Asha Kar",
    DOB: new Date(1990, 11, 17)
}

